Updated "Get started with WebView2 in WinForms apps" (#1526)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/get-started/win32.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Step 6 - Communication between host and web content

> The host and the web content can also communicate with each other through the `postMessage` method.  The web content running within a WebView2 control can post to the host through the `window.chrome.webview.postMessage` method, and the message is handled by any registered the `ICoreWebView2WebMessageReceivedEventHandler` event handler on the host.  Similarly, the host can message the web content through `ICoreWebView2::PostWebMessageAsString` or `ICoreWebView2::PostWebMessageAsJSON` method, which is caught by handlers added from `window.chrome.webview.addEventListener` listener.  The communication mechanism allows the web content to use native capabilities by passing messages to ask the host to run native APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The host and the web content can also communicate with each other through the `postMessage` method.  The web content running within a WebView2 control can post to the host through the `window.chrome.webview.postMessage` method, and the message is handled by any registered the `ICoreWebView2WebMessageReceivedEventHandler` event handler on the host.

Similarly, the host can message the web content through the `ICoreWebView2::PostWebMessageAsString` or `ICoreWebView2::PostWebMessageAsJSON` method, and the message is caught by handlers that are added from the `window.chrome.webview.addEventListener` listener.  This communication mechanism allows the web content to use native capabilities by passing messages to ask the host to run native APIs.
```

Reviewer: motivation for the above change: was missing 'the' before "foo method", in several spots.

Reviewer: requires cleanup at "the message is handled by any registered the `ICoreWebView2WebMessageReceivedEventHandler` event handler on the host."  garbled.
